Implement plot span map (#3224)
hyperspy/hyperspy: doc/user_guide/visualisation.rst

  Plotting profiles from different images interactively.

Interactively viewing Slices of Signal in Navigator
---------------------------------------------------

:py:func:`~.drawing.utils.plot_span_map` is a function that allows you to clearly identify regions of a 2D navigator map where particular signals are brightest.

This is done through the use of interactive spans (see :py:class:`hyperspy.roi.SpanROI`). 

Up to three spans can be used to select different signal ranges to map out. Accompanying maps corresponding to each range are plotted and automatically updated.

.. code-block:: python

    >>> import hyperpsy.api as hs
    >>> from hyperspy.utils.plot import plot_span_map
    >>> sig = hs.load('mydata.sur')
    >>> plot_span_map(sig, spans=2)

.. image:: images/plot_span_map_demo.gif
  :width: 100%
  :alt: Demo of plot_span_map functionality.

> The lefthand plot is an integrated spectra over all positions of the hyperspectra.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The lefthand plot is an integrated spectrum over all positions of the hyperspectral image.
```
